# Crypto-SecureXchange
I have been left behind with majority of others out there whom are not so knowledgeable advanced in digital technologies. For most of our older generations there is a huge consumption that maority have a fear towards technology and simple every day routine things in the new younger generations like turning on a computer using smart tvs or even consepts and capabilities we know have for our entire homes to be more advanced with technology and being labelled smart homes. there are others whom like myself have learnt basics or have a capability with much less to no fear anxiety in being taught guided or simply only using the users manual guieds which they come with. so i am able to use most basic functions of computers and smart tvs how ever i too am at a huge loss with no idea understanding or have been able to stay updated intune with the rate of speed our technologies advances more and more each day. Then there are others who have either taken a great interest liking to computers technologies and found ways to be educated more advanced then most some even teaching them selves. 
That is why many years after Cryptocurrency bitcoins began making their appearence and being gossiped rumoured to exist many many years later Bitcoins did not disapear nor where some joke gimmick or rumours anymore suddenly they are payment options in some gaming apps I have or had and i find myself clueless blank minded no idea info anything do i have of knowledge as to what cryptocurrency bitcoin actually is or its value how its used purchesed found mined exchamged and am in confussion as to how so digital program actually have value and hold same value if not more as our virtual cash currency money bank notes and coins. 
So I have decided to make an attempt to somehow self learn teach myself all about this cryptocurrency and hope that i may succeed enough so that i am able to obtain bitcoins improve my financial position in life and maybe even learn more about investments shares exchanges trades stock markets and simple savings.
Who knows maybe in a year or several i may ust be founder owner whom started up theri own financial institution or service that i have built into an emire or name evrybody is familar with no too well that would be something wouldnt it. For now i just hope to increase my understanding and knowledge of this subject area matter that is any amount more then the nothing zero 0 i currently sit at as i write this out. hopefully this proect will be of value if not some entertainment to someone else out there. 
Wish me luck :)
